Updating references information in how to apply and blogs copy (#2760)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/blog/application-tips-from-a-teacher-training-provider.md

## References

> And finally, we turn to references. You'll need 2 referees.

Reviewer: Just a query about whether/how we should edit a blog written by someone else, even for factual updates? I think it would be worth contacting the Content team to see if they have any guidance on this (eg do we need to make it clear that we've updated it in a footer note or something?)

Author: shall speak to the content team

> And finally, we turn to references. You'll need 2 referees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And finally, we turn to references. You'll need 2 references.
```

> Who you should pick as your referees will depend on your circumatances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The type of referee you need will depend on your circumstances.
```
I think you could probably improve this suggestion considerably - but "Who you should pick" feels a little clunky? More about need than 'pick'?

> You'll need different kinds of referees depending on your circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need different kinds of references depending on your circumstances.
```

If you're still studying or you graduated in the last 5 years, you'll need an academic reference. If you already work in a school, you'll need a reference from your headteacher. If you’re applying for a salaried course, one of your references must be from an employer.

> You'll provide the details of your referees when you apply, but they will not be contacted unless you are offered and accept a place on a teacher training course. Read more about [choosing your references](/train-to-be-a-teacher/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training#choose-your-references).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll provide the details of your referees when you apply, but they will not be contacted unless you are offered and accept a place on a teacher training course. Read more about [choosing your references](/train-to-be-a-teacher/how-to-apply-for-teacher-training#choose-your-references).
```
